NARRATOR: The Giant Rock
that trapped Mairin's Chespie
has begun to move towards
Anistar City's sundial.
NARRATOR: If the Giant Rock
and the sundial come together,
they threaten to
create an explosion
that would swallow
up not only Kalos,
but the entire world!
NARRATOR: With time running out,
the Kalos Gym Leaders
have joined forces
with our heroes
and their friends!
DIANTHA: Everybody head
toward the Water Shuriken!
DIANTHA:
That's where Chespie is!
We've got to save Chespie first!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
ASH: Pikachu, Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ALAIN/MALVA/BLAZIKEN MASK:
Use Flamethrower!
M HOUNDOOM: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
M CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
M BLAZIKEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Do it!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SPRITZEE: [MOONBLAST MOVE]
OLYMPIA: Come on, hurry!
ASH: Thanks a lot!
‐ASH: Valerie!
VALERIE: Don't worry about me!
OLYMPIA: I'll help out here!
Save that Chespin
! ASH: Got it!
BONNIE:
All of you... Take care, okay?
M CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[CUT MOVE] / [SHOCKED]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
M LUCARIO: [BONE RUSH MOVE]
ASH: Korrina!
KORRINA:
You and the others go on ahead!
I'll deal with this!
ASH: Okay, thanks!
M LUCARIO:
[EXERTION] / [YELLING]
ASH: Korrina!
KORRINA: You guys need
to turn around and run!
ASH: Got it!
RAMOS: Gogoat, use Grass Knot!
GOGOAT: [GRASS KNOT MOVE]
RAMOS/GOGOAT: [PAINED]
ASH: Oh no, Ramos!
RAMOS:
It looks like it's up to you!
Go for it, Ash!
ASH/ALAIN/ASH‐GRENINJA: [PAINED]
VIVILLON: [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
GRANT: Use Rock Tomb!
TYRUNT: [ROCK TOMB MOVE]
VIVILLON: [EXERTION]
VIOLA: Faster, faster!
VIVILLON: [SCARED]
GRANT: Viola!
ASH: Oh no, Grant!
Viola! Are you okay?
GRANT: Get past that wall!
VIOLA: Do it NOW!!
WULFRIC: Ice Shard, GO!
M ABOMASNOW: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
WULFRIC: Hurry, up, young ones!
M ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
ASH: There it is...
MALVA: We need to make a path!
SYCAMORE: Take care of Chespie!
DIANTHA:
Don't worry! We'll handle it!
CLEMONT: No doubt!
MALVA: Dark Pulse, GO!
M HOUNDOOM: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
SYCAMORE: Dragon Rage!
M GARCHOMP: [DRAGON RAGE MOVE]
M CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
‐ALAIN: Professor!
‐SYCAMORE: Keep going, you two!
MALVA: Just go!
ASH: We won't let you down!
Count on it!
GIANT ROCK: [GROWLING]
MAIRIN: Chespie...
Everyone's doing
their best for you!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
CLEMONT: Luxray, use Swift!
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby, use Mud Shot!
BUNNELBY: [MUD SHOT MOVE]
CLEMONT: Now! Go!
ASH: Thanks, Clemont!
JESSIE:
Don't just stand there, Twerp!
MEOWTH:
Chespie's waiting! Step on it!
JAMES: Move!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/
GOURGIEST/INKAY: [PAINED]
ASH: Team Rocket!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [SCARED]
M GARDEVOIR: [PSYCHIC MOVE]
DIANTHA: You okay?!
MEOWTH: You've got to preserve
the moment with... pictures!
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
STEVEN:
Don't worry about the vines!
DIANTHA: Keep moving forward!
DIANTHA:
Our future depends upon it!
DIANTHA/STEVEN: Use Psychic!
M GARDEVOIR/M METAGROSS:
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
M BLAZIKEN:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE] / [PAINED]
B CORE:
Why are they giving so much?
SQUISHY: I've realized
from observing them
that this is how people
and Pokémon really are!
ASH: Over there!
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
ASH: Pikachu, Electro Ball!
Greninja, Water Shuriken!
ALAIN: Charizard, Flamethrower!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
M CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
‐VIOLA: Let's go!
‐GRANT: Let's go!
‐KORRINA: Let's go!
‐RAMOS: Over there!
‐VALERIE: Hurry up!
‐OLYMPIA: Let's go!
‐WULFRIC: Do it, now!
‐STEVEN: Let's go!
‐SYCAMORE: Let's go!
‐MALVA: Let's go!
‐CLEMONT: Let's go!
‐BLAZIKEN MASK: Let's go!
‐DIANTHA: Let's go!
‐ASH: Let's go!
ALAIN: Let's go!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ALAIN: Chespie!
Hang on!
ASH: I'll cover you
as best I can, Alain!
Now you go and get Chespie!
ASH: Now, Charizard,
help me out! Come on!
PIKACHU/ASH‐GRENINJA/
M CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
ASH: Pikachu, Electro Ball!
And Greninja, use Cut!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
GIANT ROCK: [ENRAGED]
SERENA: Everyone, go!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM/SYLVEON:
[DETERMINED]
[ATTACK]
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Don't stop, Alain!
Greninja, Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ALAIN: Chespie. It's Alain!
I've come to get
you out of here.
Let's go back to
Mairin together.
SERENA: Mairin!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM/SYLVEON:
[PROTECTIVE]
SERENA: It's Ash and Alain!
MAIRIN: Chespie!
WULFRIC:
That's what I call success!
CLEMONT: Ash, you did it!
M LUCARIO: [EXCITED]
SYCAMORE: Just marvelous!
A job well done, Alain!
MAIRIN: Chespie... I've got you.
MAIRIN: Thank you so much!
STEVEN: All that's left...
is what's in front of us.
DIANTHA:
Let's all attack together!
DIANTHA: Now!
ASH: Did it work?
PIKACHU: [SUSPICIOUS]
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
‐ALAIN: It can't be!
‐ASH: I know... but how?!
MALVA: Lysandre...
LYSANDRE: Even if you're
somehow able to stop me,
I will still destroy the world!
Count on it...
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Houndoom!"
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
ASH:
Lysandre! How is he doing this?
LYSANDRE: The countdown to
destruction will not stop!
DIANTHA: Here it comes!
VALERIE: Light Screen, quick!
SPRITZEE: [LIGHT SCREEN MOVE]
JAMES: Such power!
JESSIE:
Will this insanity never end?!
MEOWTH:
If it reaches the sundial, CUT!
That's a wrap!
ASH: Pikachu... and Greninja...
PIKACHU: [REASSURING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Charizard,
you're not hurt are you?
CHARIZARD: [REASSURING]
SQUISHY/B CORE:
[QUESTIONING] / [EXERTION]
BONNIE: So what happened?
CLEMONT/BONNIE: Dad?
MEYER: Guilty as charged...
BONNIE:
You all right? Are you hurt?
MEYER:
Don't worry. I'm just fine.
Are you two all right?
DIANTHA: It's moving...
ALAIN: How do we make it stop?
CLEMONT: Everyone, listen to me!
The power that's moving
it has something to do with
the device on Lysandre's arm!
ALAIN:
Then it must be destroyed, NOW!
ASH: That will stop it?
CLEMONT:
We have to try anything.
DIANTHA: We've got to give
it everything we have left!
It's our only chance!
ALL: Right!
B CORE: So they will fight?
Against that tremendous evil?
SQUISHY: Neither humans,
nor Pokémon give up.
B CORE:
But they're far too weak...
SQUISHY:
None of them think they're weak!
B CORE: [CONSIDERING]
SQUISHY: You should
have seen this by now.
It's true that humans
are weak and powerless.
But they have dreams,
and they believe in each other.
They stand together and
feel empathy for each other!
That is their real strength.
They have the power to
believe in themselves,
and within themselves,
they somehow find
the will to succeed!
ALL: [STRUGGLING]
ASH/PIKACHU: [SCARED]
M CHARIZARD: [PROTECTIVE]
M BLAZIKEN: [PROTECTIVE]
B CORE:
Then I will believe in them!
SQUISHY: Now you understand.
B CORE: Yes!
SQUISHY/B CORE: [EXERTION]
BONNIE: Squishy!
MEYER: Bonnie, wait!
B CORE:
I am Zygarde‐
defender of order!
SQUISHY/B CORE:
We will show them!
Our full power!
You won't destroy the world!
SQUISHY/B CORE: [SUMMONING]
LYSANDRE: What's this?!
BONNIE: Oh, Squishy...
ALAIN: Is that Zygarde?
OLYMPIA:
Those deep green eyes...
That is it.
OLYMPIA: The Forme
when all has become one.
ASH: Become one?
LYSANDRE:
And still you hid this Forme.
You must have been seeing
the world in the same way I was!
LYSANDRE:
The unlimited greed of humans
has sent the world
spinning into chaos.
Have you not felt that?!
LYSANDRE: If I had
not raised my objections,
the world would
continue on its warped path.
But now you choose to appear.
What could possibly
be left to defend?
LYSANDRE: You have no right!
ZYGARDE COMPLETE:
If it is a right you speak of,
this world belongs to them!
I have placed my
hopes in humanity!
They have always protected me.
ZYGARDE COMPLETE:
They kept their promise
not to leave my side!
ZYGARDE COMPLETE:
Now it is my turn!
LYSANDRE: I will incinerate you!
ASH/ALAIN/PIKACHU: [PAINED]
LYSANDRE: Impudent fool!
ASH: All right,
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
Greninja, use Water Shuriken!
PIKACHU, ASH‐GRENINJA:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN:
Charizard, use Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
LYSANDRE: It can't be...
It must be a mistake...
All of my meticulous
planning was... perfect!
BONNIE: Squishy!
ZYGARDE COMPLETE:
Kalos! I will protect you!
BONNIE: Squishy! Go for it!
LYSANDRE: Not yet!
Move! It's not over yet!
MEOWTH: That... is a wrap.
JAMES: Take a look!
Look what we did, world!
JESSIE: That giant
monstrosity is gone,
but we're still standing!
JESSIE:
The threat to Kalos is HISTORY!
OLYMPIA:
The sundial was protected.
DIANTHA: Thank you, everyone!
KORRINA: We won. We really won!
STEVEN: Where's Lysandre?
MALVA: Who knows?
MALVA:
You leave Team Flare to me.
When I'm done cleaning them up,
I'll drop in on Officer Jenny...
CHESPIE: [SLEEPY]
MAIRIN: Chespie, you're awake.
You're awake!
CHESPIE: [AFFECTIONATE]
MAIRIN:
Alain... Look at Chespie!
CHESPIE: [GREETING]
ALAIN: I'm so happy for you.
ALAIN: Mairin?
ALAIN: Please forgive me.
For everything I did.
MAIRIN: Stop.
I'm just happy
that you're all right.
BONNIE: Squishy! Thanks a lot!
ZYGARDE COMPLETE: Bonnie...
I only did what you
have done for me all along.
It is I who should thank you.
I'm so grateful.
CHESPIE: [STARTLED]
CHESPIE: [EXERTION]
CHESPIE: [CALLING]
SQUISHY/B CORE: [QUESTIONING]
SQUISHY: It's you!
I would like to express
my gratitude to you as well.
Thank you!
CHESPIE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: Bonnie...
To have journeyed with you,
and to have learned
about humans from you...
SQUISHY: I am grateful.
BONNIE: Is this goodbye?
SQUISHY: I'm tired. I think
I'd like to rest in the sun.
SQUISHY:
I'm glad to have met you.
BONNIE: Oh, Squishy...
I'm glad that I met you, too!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
SQUISHY:
I'll never forget you, Bonnie.
BONNIE:
I love you, Squishy! I love you!
NARRATOR: And so, the final
curtain falls on Team Flare
and their threat
to the Kalos region.
The sun now rises again
on the world that Ash
and his friends protected...
as the journey continues!